Eligible for refunds in the following situations:
Your package is not shipped (tracking does not update from label creation)

Tracking fails to update for at least 15 days.

You didn’t get your product AND we can verify.

International Orders are eligible for 50% refund or a Reship but however I fell is the most secure way to guarantee delivery!
We are not responsible for:
Tracking delivered but non-receipt

Return-to-sender

Stolen packages but tracking delivered

SHIPPING AND PROCESSING - Processing -
May take up to 48 hours to process your order, 72 hours in extreme cases.
Processing may be longer for large custom orders in excess of $500. We will notify you in such cases.
Overnight - Currently not offered


Where do you ship to? -

We ship to all 50 US states, all US territories, any college, any PO box, any reshipping service.
Please Understand that domestic prices vary from international prices don’t place a order for a domestic listing and get it shipped international because shipping methods and stealth are very different and it will be seized and not refunded.
Has my order been shipped? -

I mark your order as “shipped” which indicates the label is on the package and runner had picked up package from my shipper and should be dropped off in the next couple of hours and it will be handled by USPS
We do not guarantee the package will be scanned in on time. Although we will make every effort to do so, we do not guarantee that the package will be dropped prior to the cutoff time.
Where is my package? -

We kindly ask that you first inquire about your package’s location after the first 4 business days Monday through Friday to reduce inquiries. We will provide the expected delivery date.
Can I have the tracking number? -

Tracking number information is available in extreme cases or after 7 business days.
What is the cut off time to get packages shipped the same day as I order? -

the day before, any orders accepted that day will be shipped the following day (most the time sooner). I do not work weekends. so orders made thursday will be shipped and some orders may get shipped if placed early friday but this is not a guarantee.
Tracking shows my order as “delivered,” “undeliverable,” or “returned to sender.” Can I get a reship or a refund? -

Unfortunately, we do not offer recompense for any of these reasons. Ultimately, contact me. We are more flexible for repeat members and for users who have been here for awhile.
FAQ - Why has my order not been accepted yet? -
Most likely that it was on a weekend. I do not work weekends.
Why haven’t you answered my PM yet? -

Probably since its the weekend and I don’t work weekends.
I have a question about my order! What do I do? -

First, contact me. Then, provide your order ID to me. You will receive an answer without delay. If you do not provide an order ID to me, resolving your message inquiry may be delayed by 24-48 hours.
Please place your order ID in the subject line. Example: “Order #XXXXXXXXXX” should be the only thing in your subject line. This will automatically link me to your order.
My order was returned to sender (RTS). What can I do? -

I do not offer any compensation for an RTS'ed package. This places a great deal of risk upon myself and my OPSEC.
I got my package, but something went wrong! or I got a love letter! -

Contact me!
I want to leave negative feedback! -

Again, contact me! Its unfair if you leave that kind of feedback without contacting me prior.
Why haven’t you communicated with me yet? -

The only reason this would happen would be that I am away on the weekend. I do not work weekends. Lord, could you imagine? I’d go insane.